readme.md, before:

# Note Taker
create an application called Note Taker that can be used to write and save notes

## Project Description

User Story:
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save button
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation
WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears

Link to full requirements for challenge:  https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/5008/assignments/70139?module_item_id=1182483

## Installation

    1. The code to deploy is stored at this Github location:  https://github.com/rdtauche/noteTaker
    2. Download the code and utilize your SSH key to link it to your github account, then you can begin refactoring the code, ensuring you git add, git commit, git push updates to your repo in github
    3. Once complete, go to pages and deploy the website live

## My Results
    1. Our Github Repo:  https://github.com/rdtauche/noteTaker
    2. Our Pages Deploy: https://rdtauche.github.io/noteTaker/


## Credits
We used the following APIs for our project:
1. JQuery: https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.5.1.min.js
2. CU Professors gave us a lot of starter code
3. Used ChatGPT Copilot for some help (although i still couldnt get it to work yet)


## License

Look under the License tab for details on the MIT License utilized here

Commit message:

updated README file with deployed render URL

readme.md, after:

# Note Taker
create an application called Note Taker that can be used to write and save notes

## Project Description

User Story:
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save button
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation
WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears

Link to full requirements for challenge:  https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/5008/assignments/70139?module_item_id=1182483

## Installation

    1. The code to deploy is stored at this Github location:  https://github.com/rdtauche/noteTaker
    2. Download the code and utilize your SSH key to link it to your github account, then you can begin refactoring the code, ensuring you git add, git commit, git push updates to your repo in github
    3. Once complete, go to pages and deploy the website live

## My Results
    1. My Github Repo:  https://github.com/rdtauche/noteTaker
    2. My Render Deploy: https://notetaker-yzt4.onrender.com


## Credits
We used the following APIs for our project:
1. JQuery: https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.5.1.min.js
2. CU Professors gave us a lot of starter code
3. Used ChatGPT Copilot for some help (although i still couldnt get it to work yet)
4. used in class working session to help fix my issues from initial submission


## License

Look under the License tab for details on the MIT License utilized here
